[analyse] Use the labels API to point out non-used metrics (#158)
grafana/cortex-tools: README.md

##### prometheus-analyse 

> This command will be run against your Prometheus / GrafanaCloud instance and it will use the output from `grafana-analyse` show you how many series in the Prometheus server are actually being used in dashboards and which metrics exist in Grafana Cloud not in dashboards. The output is a JSON file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command will be run against your Prometheus / GrafanaCloud instance, then it will use the output from `grafana-analyse` show you how many series in the Prometheus server are actually being used in dashboards. Also, it'll show which metrics exist in Grafana Cloud that are **not** in dashboards. The output is a JSON file
```
